Document self-hosted bulk export tuning env vars (#5008)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/data-export-monitor.mdx

If you have multiple exports running, new run jobs will queue until capacity becomes available.

#### Self-hosted: tuning bulk export concurrency and payload size

On [LangSmith Self-hosted](/langsmith/self-hosted), the concurrency limits are the defaults. To tune pod memory usage during bulk exports, configure the following environment variables on the `langsmith-backend` service:

| Environment variable | Default | Description |
|---|---|---|
| `BULK_EXPORT_MAX_CONCURRENT_RUNS` | `45` | Maximum number of export runs that can execute in parallel within a single export job. Reduce this to limit peak memory usage when processing large date partitions. |
| `DATA_EXPORT_RUN_LIMIT` | `15` | Maximum number of export jobs that can run concurrently across the workspace. Reduce this if multiple simultaneous exports are causing memory pressure. |

> | `DATA_EXPORT_MAX_BATCH_PAYLOAD_SIZE_KB` | (system default) | Maximum size (in KB) of a single batch payload fetched from the database per export run. Reduce this to lower the memory footprint of each individual batch read. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Environment variable | Default | Description |
|---|---|---|
| `BULK_EXPORT_MAX_CONCURRENT_RUNS` | `5` | Maximum number of partition runs enqueued in parallel within a single export, per scheduling pass. Reduce to limit peak memory when processing large date partitions. |
| `DATA_EXPORT_RUN_LIMIT` | `500` | Page size (max rows) fetched from the runs store per query when paging through an export window. |
| `DATA_EXPORT_MAX_BATCH_PAYLOAD_SIZE_KB` | `100000` (100 MB) | Maximum accumulated payload size (KB) before a batch is flushed during an export run. Reduce to lower the memory footprint of each batch. |
```
@zduric-langchain Can you verify these env vars? I double checked the original table descriptions that LangSmith Fleet produced and it doesn't seem to match up against langchainplus. The suggestion here is what I found for the defaults and the descriptions.

Reviewer: These seem very different, so would appreciate your verification!

If you have multiple exports running, new run jobs will queue until capacity becomes available.

<Note>
**Self-hosted: tuning bulk export concurrency and payload size**

> On [self-hosted LangSmith](/langsmith/self-hosted), the concurrency limits above are the defaults. If your workers are running out of memory (OOM) during bulk exports, you can lower these values using the following environment variables on the `langsmith-backend` service:

Reviewer 2: Let's reframe the "if your workers are running out of memory". The better framing is "To tune your pod memory usage, you can use these settings". Leave the OOMs as an aside, e.g."if you run into e.g. OOM, these might help you" in an appropriate place.
